This is the first release of WebSANE and lacks 
a lot of polish. 

The main program is a python script named 
websane.py in the src directory. You can find 
some configuration options at the beginning of 
that file. You will most likely need to change
at least the extbase variable to be empty. You
should extract the entire filestructure and run
the script from its own directory. 

When you run the websane script it will create
a webserver on your machine's local port 5423 
and should point your (Gecko based) browser to 
http://127.0.0.1:5423/demo.html to view the 
interface. A lot of information (and possible
errors) will be printed out by the websane.py
script, so keep an eye on it for errors.

By default it will serve out files from the 
../demo (relative to the place from which it
was started).

When you press the Refresh preview on the web-
fronted the server will access the first SANE
device it finds, and scan an image and try to
save it to /tmp/preview.png. As the page 
reloads, the server will answer all requests
for a file called chair.jpg by serving the 
/tmp/preview.png file.

When you press the "Scan" button the
server will scan an image with the given 
settings and serve it to the browser directly.



For debugging:

For information about the scanner and its
options point your browser to 
http://127.0.0.1:5423/info

To simply snap a preview image use
http://127.0.0.1:5423/snap

To scan an image use
http://127.0.0.1:5423/scan